Sir, it's not good! The company was arrested by five people!
What did you say? Where is he? At Wujia!
He came to make trouble when the villain came! If not, he said it was the master!
If you don't care about the past! Just disturb the young master and clean up the master!
Five! Son dares! Big girl
Why don't you go and have a rest first? Dad, save my girl.
What are you doing
Let my son go quickly, girl
Didn't you hear what my dad said?
You have to let me go or else
There are many things to do next year
You are a pressure person
The mouth is the same, go up, go up, go up, go up
I didn't bother you
You should come first to recruit me
Didn't you have enough sex yesterday? Your dad?
Why take it out on the old man?
How are you going to suppress people today?
I'll show you today
Your Sun family is nothing in front of me.
If you want to save your son
I kneel down and beg you to go away alive, my granddaughter.
Look, don’t think I can save you again